---
description: April 9, 2025
---

# v8.0.0

Big update incoming! We’ve revamped product options with more robust swatch settings and now have support for the upcoming variant limit increase. Plus we’ve included a bunch of smaller updates and features while clearing out our bug list.

#### **Added**

***

* Add revised header bar with more block options
  * Header has been improved so multiple navigation styles can be used. Full width dropdowns or single columns can be used and both combined with content blocks.
* Add more block types to mobile menu drawers
  * New block types can now be used in the mobile drawer menu.
* Add support for high-variant products
  * Paper now supports the increased variant limit. Note: this is not yet available and can only be experienced using a development store with this enabled.
* Add improvements to swatch rendering
  * We reworked swatch support and have introduced more settings across the board to fine tune how swatches are displayed on collection and product pages.
* Add improved pagination when returning to an infinite scrolled collection
  * If a user scrolls down to page 5 when using infinite scrolling then navigating forward/back will retain their position in the collection then give users the option to “load previous” and “load next page” results.
* Add better control when displaying sale prices
  * A new setting has been introduced giving you the option to display sale start prices or sale ranges.
* Add setting to change how cart upsells are displayed
* Add check to hide cart upsells that are already in cart
* Add improved design of search dropdown
* Add better alt text display on product pages
* Add placeholder image to banner section
* Add better mobile support to hotspot section
* Add previous and next buttons to blog
* Add alt text to fullscreen product image gallery
* Add option to set play button text for video section
* Add new section for a before/after image slider

#### **Changed**

***

* Change theme defaults settings to remove depreciated fonts

#### **Fixes and improvements**

***

* Update so ‘skip to content’ button is hidden when scrolling up
* Update search bar by showing current search term
* Fix image sliders not allowing to the user to slide through all images
* Fix search getting cut off after opening full-screen gallery
* Fix scroll reflow after using collection filters
* Fix textarea field in blog comment not using correct style
* Fix error where items get added above their quantity
* Fix add to cart from breaking when Enable default variant unchecked
* Fix pagination not working when inside theme editor
* Fix savings badge appearing on PDP incorrectly
* Fix inputs not inheriting parent color
* Fix collection block text being cut off
* Fix collection blocks from not appearing on additional pages
* Fix subtotals being shown when cart is empty
* Fix padding around checkout ‘taxes included’ message
* Fix blip when search icon instead of input
* Fix content shift when collection pages are loading
* Fix content shift when using open accordions
* Fix unexpected center alignment in collage
* Fix product overlap with image hotspot
* Fix layout Issue with collection grid appearing more narrow
* Fix image layout in blog articles
* Fix line breaks from not working in product descriptions
* Fix age verification from displaying when adding a product to cart
* Fix checkboxes appearing incorrectly when using bottom border
