---
description: August 4, 2023
---

# v6.0.0

One of our biggest updates yet!

Our new update provides several significant enhancements, including the ability to bundle multiple single variant products for sale on a single page. Another important addition is the 'Edit Cart' feature, allowing customers to adjust their product options without having to delete and re-add items. Paper 6.0.0 has tones of new features, we've also fixed several bugs and improved performance in various areas.

#### **Added**

***

* Added new setting to select aspect ratio in the Video section.
* Added support to include videos in the Slider section.
* Added new product block to link products together as variants. [Learn more](https://intercom.help/brickspacelab/en/articles/8168175-connect-products-using-the-linked-products-block)
* Added new collection template with filters displayed along the left-hand side.
* Added new Slideshow banner section.
* Added new Promo banner section.
* Added new feature inside the cart drawer to edit items. This allows customers to change the product options without deleting and re-adding an item.
* Added a variety of new settings to fine tune how prices are displayed. You can now remove trailing zeros, and optionally hide the currency symbol.
* Added new back in stock feature. Customers that share their email will be tagged with the variant ID of the sold out product.
* Added support to display product blocks in the left or right column
* Added option to disable default product option selector if your using a third party subscription app that has their own widget.
* Added new bundling feature to sell multiple single variant products on a single page.

#### **Changed**

***

* Changed all support links to point to revamped help center.
* Changed support integration with custom help widget using Intercom.

#### **Fixes and improvements**

***

* Fixed open graph image tags from not correctly linking to selected images.
* Fixed section previews when clicking “Add section”.
* Fixed mobile bar color on iOS Safari devices to use correct color.
* Fixed wrong price from appearing in recommendation slider.
* Fixed product options from breaking with special characters.
* Fixed structured data from breaking with special characters.
* Fixed missing translations for gift card form.
* Improved sold out indicators by crossing out unavailable options while users make their selection.
* Improved product page performance by removing lazy loading on the first product image.
* Improved the Collage section so each block has a larger click area.
* Improved product upsell block to be hidden when no upsells are available.
* Updated Featured product section to avoid updating the URL with the selected variant ID.
