---
description: February 14, 2024
---

# v7.0.0

Alright this update has been a long time coming. We’ve rebuilt most of the product page functionality. You won’t notice much of this on the visual side of things but code has gotten a much needed cleanup.

#### **Added**

***

* Added new product, collection and blog card settings. Previously this was under a single setting - we’ve now split this up so you can style your blog cards differently from your product cards.
* Added new price and revised price settings. Price settings have gotten a much needed re-work that will work across different currencies. You can hide/show currency codes and remove trailing zeros when prices end in “.00”
* Added new border and input settings. You can now set border widths for form inputs, buttons and page elements independently.
* Add new setting to set the quick-add button color

#### **Changed**

***

* Updated styles so “focus-state” borders all only shown when navigating using a keyboard.

#### **Fixes and improvements**

***

* Introduced more components to reduce code duplication. We are now using snippets for images, videos and additional items like cart items and upsells.
* Improved swatch support so color swatches will appear correctly even when using color options labeled in different languages.
* Improved video support so videos can auto play on mobile where support is available.
* Fix error breaking gift card page when customers do not include a gift card note.
* Fix blurry product photos on recent and recommended slider
* Fix product grid to avoid extra white-space between product photos.
